[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
hoping to thwart Babidi's
plans of reviving Majin Buu,
Goku and the others
have allowed themselves
to be lured aboard the evil
wizard's subterranean ship.
So far fighting their way
through two perilous levels
in an effort to reach
the final stage.
[NARRATOR] However, at the
threshold of stage three
stands Dabura,
the Demon King himself,
ready to halt their progress.
Meanwhile, back at the World
Martial Arts Tournament,
a fierce match between
Mighty Mask and Number 18
seemed on the verge
of ending in a stalemate.
But when the unstoppable android
exposed her mystery opponent
to be none other
than Goten and Trunks,
the sneaky pair
was disqualified.
Now only two contestants remain,
and the only one standing
between Number 18 and the title
is the defending champ,
Mr. Satan.
[MR. SATAN sighs]
♪ Opening Song ♪
[VEGETA grunts]
What's the hold up?
Hope whoever's next
is worth the wait.
[GOKU]
Hm!
[GOHAN]
Sure does make you wonder
what's taking 'em
so long, though.
It'll be great to see
how strong you've gotten
since I've been gone.
Heh. Yeah, bet your
training regimen's tough.
Still following one, right?
Uh, well. You see... I--
Uh?
Hmph! Sad to say your boy's
got it in his head
that peacetime means
he can take it easy.
As things are now, I could
knock him over in my sleep.
But like we saw with Cell,
if he loses his temper
and snaps again, we still
may be in for a show.
[gasps]
[GOHAN chuckles]
[SUPREME KAI]
So that explains why they're
so unfazed by all this.
In times of crisis, they can
draw on enormous reservoirs
of power within themselves
at a moment's notice.
Their gifts push
the limits of believability.
And to think that
even I could be staggered
by beings from the lower realm.
[electric motor hums]
Aah. Here we go!
Heh.
It can't be!
[SUPREME KAI]
This makes no sense!
Why not reserve Dabura
for the final stage?
[DABURA] The fact that
you have defeated Yakon
and made it to the third stage--
this was unexpected
to say the least.
One might even
call it miraculous.
You have earned
a warrior's respect.
That said, I'm afraid I've come
here to halt your progress.
Hmph! Your boss
must be in a real panic
to send you out so early.
Did we make the little guy
that nervous? Pathetic.
Do you take pleasure
in taunting,
or are you just
stalling for time?
All of you, come at me.
I don't think so!
It's my turn, so I'm
taking you on myself!
Excuse me?
You heard me!
And I'm not fighting
in this sardine can, either!
Tell your boss to
transport us somewhere else
like he did with Dad and Vegeta.
'Cept, maybe not
the dark world again.
You foolish boy.
[growls]
You dare to mock
the great Dabura?
[BABIDI]
One moment, please.
Don't forget, Majin Buu's
revival is a delicate business.
We can't have you
compromising the ship.
Do as the boy asks and
take your fight elsewhere.
Yes, sir. As you command.
[BABIDI]
Choose.
Let us give him
the home advantage.
Put us somewhere like Earth,
if you would.
[chuckles]
Such confidence.
A very sportsman-like
move, Dabura;
I hope it works out for you.
Ready, and
Papparapapa!
[GOHAN]
Huh?
Ugh. What's happening?
All right, boy.
Is this place to your liking?
Yeah.
Stay sharp. Got it?
[CROWD cheering]
[yelps]
[A18]
Hm!
[yells]
Whatever you're
about to do to me,
I'm beggin' ya
to think it through!
I mean, look at this face!
I'm too good-looking
to be injured!
Enough with the flailing.
Just pull yourself together
and hear me out.
[MR. SATAN]
Huh?
[ANNOUNCER]
This could be it!
Number 18's got the big man
in a headlock, folks!
[A18] If you want
to win this thing,
we're going
to play by my rules.
[MR. SATAN] You know what?
Winning isn't everything.
I'm good to let someone else
take home the title.
Look, I'm telling you
I'm not above taking a dive
if the price is right.
Uuuh...
You've gotta be kidding me.
Wait. Is this a trick?
Are you seriously looking
a gift horse in the mouth?
Uh!
I'm willing to throw the fight,
but it's going to cost you big.
Real big. Twenty million,
as a matter of fact.
Between that and my fists,
it's the best deal
you're going to get.
Very interesting. Huh.
Seems they're in a standoff.
Is it too early to tell,
or does our champion
find himself in over his head?
Come on!
Shake her off like a flea!
Twenty mil's a whole
lotta moolah, you know!
[A18] The grand prize
for winning the tournament
is ten million, so you only
have to pony up the other half.
Small price to pay
for walking away from this
with your dignity.
[MR. SATAN]
I... I don't know.
Hey, I'm not particular.
If it's a principles thing,
I'd be more than happy
to settle for knocking you
into next week.
Knock me into next week?
[CROWD cheering]
Chump! Get outta here!
Hmph! Don't even try it!
[MR. SATAN sobbing]
[groaning]
What's it gonna be?
Hey, it's only money, right?
What am I gonna do
with twenty mil?
You got a deal!
Heh. That we do. That we do.
[A18 yells]
[ANNOUNCER] Oh-ho! Mr. Satan
decides he's had enough
and tosses 18 like a rag doll!
[MAN 21E]
That's right, Champ!
Take her to school!
[A18]
Oh, it's on!
Don't just stand there.
[chuckles]
[grunts]
Ooooh!
[laughs]
You fought a very
brave battle, young lady,
but now that I've got a handle
on your bag of tricks,
it's time to go!
Oh, no he didn't!
This is gonna be sweet, guys!
I'll be the first to admit
you've got
an impressive technique.
But, this ain't
no schoolyard brawl.
This is what we call
gettin' schooled
by the big,
bad world champion!
Enough with the
showing off. C'mon.
Uh. Right. Yeah.
[yells]
[ANNOUNCER] The champ strikes
back with incredible ferocity!
Amazing! Any moment
now his opponent's
going to come apart
at the seams!
[groans]
I thought we were
s'posed to have a deal?
I said I'd be willing
to take a dive for you,
not a swan dive.
This has to look real
or people will get suspicious.
Yeah, but this is too real!
Fine, then. Pick me up and
throw me as far as you can.
Then finish me off with
one of your signature moves.
--You got it?
--Sure! Yes!
And again,
ladies and gentlemen;
she's tossed away
like yesterday's garbage!
[laughs]
All right. Let's give
the crowd what they want.
Ha! Yeah! Finish her!
[bellows]
Heads up! Get ready for my
Miracle Special
Ultra Super Megaton Punch!
[MR. SATAN yells]
Whoa! She got all of that!
[A18]
Uuuh...
Uh...
Um, uh-- You, uh--
So this is your idea
of a finishing move?
Well, yeah. I guess so.
[A18 yells]
[CROWD gasps]
Uuh!
You see that?
Works every time!
Sure, it may not
look like much at first,
but you give it a few seconds,
that trademarked wallop
sends a shockwave
through the body
that no one can withstand!
[MR. SATAN] It's a move
that I call-- Let's see...
The Beautiful Super
Bari-Bari Punch! Yeah!
[CROWD cheering]
[MAN 21F]
Mr. Satan is the man!
The winner! Mr. Satan!
[chuckles]
Still Number One!
[MAN 21G]
We knew you could do it!
[MAN 21H]
We love you!
[ANNOUNCER]
Number 18 fought bravely.
But in the end, even the
scrappiest of up-and-comers
has little chance
of coming between Mr. Satan
and the championship title!
Okay. What just happened?
No clue.
[laughs]
I'll be stopping by your
house tomorrow for the payoff.
Stiff me and you're a dead man.
Uh. Yeah.
Not gonna be an issue.
[VIDEL] So, I guess
that's the story.
That's where everyone's gone.
[VIDEL]
Huh?
Wizards?
[TRUNKS]
M-M-M--Majins?
Yeah.
He-heh. Awesome. Right?
Uh. Uh-huh!
[laughs]
[BOTH laugh]
Huh?!
I wanna go, too!
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
[VIDEL]
Wait. What?
[GOTEN]
That way!
[TRUNKS] Definitely!
You sense all that energy?
Aw, c'mon guys! Easy!
You can't just leave!
Hurry up! If we don't
catch up 'em soon,
there won't be any
bad guys left to fight!
I wanna see what a
Majin Buu looks like!
We gotta get to them before they
have all the fun themselves!
Charge!
[GOTEN, TRUNKS]
Woo-hoo!
Okay.
[BOTH laughing]
Hey, Trunks?
That's my name.
What's a Majin?
[TRUNKS]
Wa--!
Wait a second.
You're all hyped up
but you don't even know
what a Majin Buu is?
Uh... I mean I guess
I just kinda figured
you would know.
Oh, right.
Th-That makes sense.
So you want me to tell ya?
[GOTEN]
Uh-huh.
Ah. Well. Y'see...
Uh-huh. Uh-huh!
They're-- Uh--
Yeah, yeah?
Um. Uh.
It's sorta
complicated, actually.
But, uh...
Basically a Majin
is insanely awesome!
When you see one your eyes'll
bug right out of your head!
Whoa! You serious?
Sure, why not.
Ooh.
Come on!
What are we waitin' for?
[DABURA chuckles]
[GOHAN grunts]
[DABURA]
You fool!
[DABURA groans]
[grunts]
[gasps]
[chuckles]
[yells]
Huh?
All right, son.
Time to show this guy
what you're really made of!
[growls]
[DABURA]
What?
[groans]
[GOHAN grunts]
[DABURA groans]
[bellows]
[BABIDI]
Oh no!
Dabura!
[yells]
[GOHAN bellows]
Incredible.
What's the problem? Come on!
You're still holding out on me!
[growls]
[chuckles]
As you wish.
[bellows]
[yells, grunts]
[inhales]
[growls]
[GOHAN groans]
Huh?
[DABURA]
Looking for someone? Ha!
Oh no!
[GOHAN groans]
[BOTH gasp]
[BABIDI laughs]
One down. Excellent.
[GOHAN sighs]
That's what I get
for being sloppy.
He's waiting for me.
[DABURA]
Hmmm.
[yells]
Huh?!
[DABURA]
There you are!
[GOHAN yells]
Gohan!
Tch!
[chuckles]
Is that really the best
you can do all powered-up?
[GOHAN huffs]
[SUPREME KAI]
You must remember:
we're dealing with the king
of the Demon World!
PuiPui and Yakon
were flies compared to him!
[GOHAN grunts]
Don't you worry!
I may have let my
guard down for a minute,
but it's not happening again.
Trust me.
[DABURA]
Mmm.
[NARRATOR] Even at full power,
it's clear that Gohan
has his hands full
with the Demon King Dabura.
Meanwhile, it seems Dabura
is just getting warmed up!
Gohan will have to dig deep
if he hopes to defeat
this powerful foe,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Hmm? What's Dabura up to now?
Retreat doesn't seem like his
style. I'm not liking this.
[DABURA]
Good news, Master.
I do believe that one of them
can be led to our side
without much persuasion.
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN]
No, Vegeta! Fight it!
Don't let him
take control of you!